I'd like you all to follow me inward.
Miss, it's time for me to show my skills, here I come
Heart attack
Everyone get out of the way
Keep the air flowing
Stinky rascal
Please let me save you again, okay?
Are you sick? I'm sorry.
I misunderstood you
Su Shao, right?
Elf Crown Prince Su Yize is an ignorant
Super big simp who is not doing his job properly
So the news is not true?
But I also heard
Qin Mengyao, daughter of the pioneering ambassador
It's an airport.
Well, that doesn't seem to be true.
Hahaha you pervert
How could I pass out?
because
Your half brother Qin Tianlong is going to seize power
He has already joined forces with that Ye Chen
Your Qin family's southern project
Will lose 10 million soon
From now on, your Qin family will be devastated
It's no accident that you had a heart attack today
It was also designed by the two of them.
They had you drugged in advance
But it's not to kill you
It's for Yechen to gain your trust
To break into your Qin family
And then finally?
You will also become Yechen's relic
What you said is true.
I want to find out whether it's true or false
Ye Chen dares to bring me down
Wait until I find out
I'll kill you!